Multilinear Regression for Employee Hiring
This repository contains a Jupyter Notebook that demonstrates the implementation of Multiple Linear Regression to predict employee salaries based on their experience, test scores, and interview scores.

Contents
Assignment 01_hiring.ipynb: The main notebook that includes the following:
Data loading and exploration.
Visualizing the relationships between features and the target variable (salary).
Preprocessing data (handling missing values and preparing features).
Implementing and training a multiple linear regression model.
Model evaluation and making predictions.
Prerequisites
Before running the notebook, ensure you have the following installed:

Python (>= 3.7)
Jupyter Notebook or JupyterLab
Required Python libraries:
numpy
pandas
scikit-learn
You can install the libraries using the following command:

bash
Copy code
pip install numpy pandas scikit-learn
Dataset
The dataset hiring.csv contains the following columns:

Experience: Number of years of work experience.
Test_score: The score achieved on an aptitude test.
Interview_score: The score achieved during an interview.
Salary: The expected salary for a candidate.
The goal is to predict the salary based on the provided features using multiple linear regression.

How to Run the Notebook
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd <repository-folder>
Place the hiring.csv dataset in the project directory.

Open the notebook:

bash
Copy code
jupyter notebook "Assignment 01_hiring.ipynb"
Run the cells sequentially to execute the code and follow along with the explanation.

Example Workflow
Data Loading and Exploration: Load the dataset containing employee hiring features and salaries, and explore the data.

Data Visualization: Visualize the relationships between features (e.g., Experience, Test_score, and Interview_score) and the target variable (Salary).

Data Preprocessing: Handle missing values and prepare the features for modeling.

Model Training: Train a multiple linear regression model to predict salaries based on the given features.

Model Evaluation: Evaluate the model's performance and interpret its coefficients.

Making Predictions: Use the trained model to predict salaries for new candidates.

Results
The notebook demonstrates:

How to fit a multiple linear regression model.
Interpreting the coefficients of the regression model.
Making salary predictions based on candidate data.
Contributing
Feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests. Suggestions and improvements are welcome!

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
